README.md, before:

# DIP-Project
Image Geometric Transformations

master status : [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/TetroVolt/DIP-Project/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/TetroVolt/DIP-Project/tree/master)

lib status : [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/TetroVolt/DIP-Project/tree/lib.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/TetroVolt/DIP-Project/tree/lib)

gui status : [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/TetroVolt/DIP-Project/tree/gui.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/TetroVolt/DIP-Project/tree/gui)

**Installation:**

This software requires OpenCV2, TKinter, and Numpy to function properly.  Please see the relevant sites for
installation instructions.

**Runnning:**
To run, simply call start main.

Via terminal, inside the root directory of the repo:  ./main

**Usage:**
First, you will need to select a file using the "open file" option.  Once a file has been loaded, you can
perform operations on the image as desired using the buttons to the left.  There is no "undo" option, so any
transformations done will either need to be undone yourself or the file reloaded if you wish to undo.

Once you have transformed your image as desired, you can select the "save file" option to save the image
and it's transformations as a separate file.

Commit message:

Made an interpolate_transform function
-- This is to reduce code repition, and will interpolate based
   on just two points.  It's more of a wrapper.
-- Fixed a few incorrect function calls to "ceil".
-- Updated REAME with Python version.

README.md, after:

# DIP-Project
Image Geometric Transformations

master status : [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/TetroVolt/DIP-Project/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/TetroVolt/DIP-Project/tree/master)

lib status : [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/TetroVolt/DIP-Project/tree/lib.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/TetroVolt/DIP-Project/tree/lib)

gui status : [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/TetroVolt/DIP-Project/tree/gui.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/TetroVolt/DIP-Project/tree/gui)

**Installation:**

This software requires OpenCV2, TKinter, and Numpy to function properly.  Please see the relevant sites for
installation instructions.

You will need to be running Python 3.6 or later.

**Runnning:**
To run, simply call start main.

Via terminal, inside the root directory of the repo:  ./main

**Usage:**
First, you will need to select a file using the "open file" option.  Once a file has been loaded, you can
perform operations on the image as desired using the buttons to the left.  There is no "undo" option, so any
transformations done will either need to be undone yourself or the file reloaded if you wish to undo.

Once you have transformed your image as desired, you can select the "save file" option to save the image
and it's transformations as a separate file.
